Home - Heinz History Center Play Video Pause Video Always Free for Kids! Plan Your Visit Get to Know Our Family of Museums Heinz History Center 10 AM - 5 PM Western Pennsylvania Sports Museum 10 AM - 5 PM Fort Pitt Museum Reopens Mar '26 Meadowcroft Rockshelter and Historic Village REOPENS MAY '26 Pittsburgh’s Hidden History Exhibit Heinz History Center Wander through a whimsical world of wonders inside our dynamic new exhibition, featuring a yinzsplosion of rarely and never-before-seen objects that tell stories from Pittsburgh’s past. Uncover More History Uncorked: LEGENDARY Event Heinz History Center Step into the spotlight and get ready to toast to greatness at History Uncorked: LEGENDARY, presented by UPMC and UPMC Health Plan, on Friday, March 6! Learn More What's On: Events Search our calendar of upcoming events hosted by our family of museums! View All Events February 28 Heinz History Center – 11:00 AM Young Washington with the Pittsburgh CLO Join the Pittsburgh CLO for a performance of “Young Washington.” March 1 Heinz History Center – 2:00 PM Blue-Collar Ancestry: Tracing Your Coal Miner Roots Take a deep dive into the lives of your coal miner ancestors. Tickets Required March 8 Heinz History Center – 2:00 PM Pittsburgh’s Hidden History: Behind the Curtain Take a behind-the-scenes look into the making of our marquee exhibition. Tickets Required April 4 Heinz History Center – 10:00 AM Vintage Pittsburgh Stroll through decades of style at the 12th Annual Vintage Pittsburgh retro fair! View All Events Preserving Pittsburgh’s Memories Detre Library & Archives Heinz History Center Research family history, explore historic images, and search thousands of documents in the Detre Library & Archives at the History Center. Open Wednesday through Saturday and free to all visitors. Research & Explore More than a ketchup museum. The Heinz History Center is Pittsburgh’s people museum. We share the inspiring stories of Western Pennsylvania’s people who have helped change the course of American history. See for yourself. Explore Exhibits Kids & Families Build bridges in the interactive Discovery Place or explore the Neighborhood of Make–Believe. Unique Pittsburgh Gifts From exclusive Heinz merch to the Mister Rogers kindness collection, find the perfect Pittsburgh gift at the Museum Shop. Smithsonian Treasures Discover Smithsonian artifacts at the History Center and learn more about the museum’s Smithsonian affiliation. Explore Our Collections Thousands of artifacts and historic images, at your fingertips. Kids & Families Build bridges in the interactive Discovery Place or explore the Neighborhood of Make–Believe. Unique Pittsburgh Gifts From exclusive Heinz merch to the Mister Rogers kindness collection, find the perfect Pittsburgh gift at the Museum Shop. Smithsonian Treasures Discover Smithsonian artifacts at the History Center and learn more about the museum’s Smithsonian affiliation. Explore Our Collections Thousands of artifacts and historic images, at your fingertips. Site Menu Search Submit Close