Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra Close Window Time Out You have exceeded the time limit and your seats have been released. Time left to complete order Vero Beach Chamber Event Tue, Feb 24, 2026 See Event Description Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra Palm Beach Chamber Event Wed, Feb 25, 2026 See Event Description Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra Discovery & Drinks: Still Portraits Wed, Feb 25, 2026 See Event Description Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra Live Music Subscribe to the 26/27 BNY Classical Concert Season Subscribe or Renew Now "The Pittsburgh Symphony Plays How an Orchestra Should Sound" The New York Times Read the Review Winter Nights, Unforgettable Concerts Browse Now Free Concert Feb 10 at 7:30 PM Join Musicians of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra for a free chamber music performance at the University of Pittsburgh at Greensburg, presented as part of the Joan Chambers Concert Series. Reserve Steats Choose Your Own Subscriptions Are Back! Our choose your own packages let you save 15% off single ticket prices when you choose 3 or more concerts from PNC Pops, Movies, or BNY Classics concerts. Learn More NEW Iconic Films with Live Orchestra Experience your favorite films on the big screen with iconic scores performed live by your Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra. Learn More Concerts Rescheduled! Schooltime: The Orchestra at Work concerts have been rescheduled for Wednesday, April 15 and Thursday, April 16, at 10:30 AM. Click for more details ! RAD Pass: Year-Round Fun for Everyone Announcing the year-long expansion of RAD Pass, an online ticketing platform that gives Allegheny County library cardholders free and discounted access to some of the region’s most beloved cultural destinations, like the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra.. Learn More PSO Go Full-time high school, college and graduate/post-graduate students as well as pre-K through 12th grade full-time teachers can join now for discounted prices to PSO performances. Learn More Looking for more? Join our email list and get priority access to tickets, news, and events for the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra and Heinz Hall Enter your email address Join Now No Thanks