Visit Pittsburgh | Official Tourism Site for Pittsburgh, PA Skip to content Newsletter Discover Your Persona 24 ° F 0 Saved Navigation Things to Do Free Things to Do Family Fun Tours & Sightseeing Outdoor Adventure Arts & Culture Shopping Health & Wellness Pittsburgh Sports Teams Casinos & Gaming Film Festivals Events & Festivals Submit Your Event This Week in Pittsburgh Celebrate America's 250th Annual Events Holiday Events Halloween Events Film Festivals Food Festivals Marathons, Runs & Walks Oktoberfest Pittsburgh Hotels & Resorts Restaurants & Culinary Bars & Nightlife Pittsburgh Craft Breweries Wineries & Distilleries Farms & Farmers Markets Plan Your Trip Pittsburgh Insider's Guide Group Tour Transportation Explore Black Culture & Heritage LGBTQIA+ Travel in Pittsburgh Pet-friendly Travel College Visits Senior Travel Medical Travel Accessibility Guide Weather Welcome Centers Newsletter Neighborhoods Meetings and Events Meet in Pittsburgh Hotels Suppliers Event Services Marketing Toolkit Submit RFP Contact Us Show Your Badge SportsPITTSBURGH About SportsPITTSBURGH Sports Event Planner Sports Facilities Calendar of Events Sports Event Attendee Power of Sports Economy Weddings & Reunions Media Partners Discover Your Persona Pittsburgh Will Surprise You Keep warm with seasonal favorites in our city of multitudes Ready or not, winter is upon us, but just because it's cold outside doesn't mean Pittsburgh isn't heating up with fun! Enjoy our plethora of winter outdoor activities , treat yourself to a relaxing weekend , and warm up at cozy coffee shops sure to make you melt. Experience an unforgettable February in the city! Love is in the air this February, and Pittsburgh has everything you need to celebrate Valentine's Day. If you haven't booked your dinner reservations, we have a complete list of romantic dinners to treat your sweetheart to. Spoiler alert: none of the options are bad options. We have everything from a fancy dinner overlooking the Golden Triangle to takeout tacos perfect for homebodies. Of course, Valentine's Day isn't just about romantic love. Celebrate your favorite friends for Galentine's Day with brunch, mimosas, candle making, and more. And for those still looking for that special someone, Pittsburgh is the perfect place to live out your romantic comedy dreams. Here's our feel-good guide you can use to turn your life into a Hallmark Channel movie Pictured | Benedum Center in Pittsburgh's Cultural District Credit | Jody Mader For those looking to adventure outdoors this winter , Pittsburgh is packed with more activities than you might realize. Head to Boyce Park for skiing, snowboarding, tubing and more. In addition to the ice rink at PPG Plaza, there are several others outside of the Downtown scope, including in Oakland, the North and South Hills, and more. There are also several parks around the area, like Schenley Park and Frick Park , that make for great sledding locations. So, whether you’re a local or just visiting, February is packed with exciting events and things to do for the whole family in Pittsburgh. Don’t miss out on winter in the city! Get Ready for NFL Draft 2026! Here in Pittsburgh the journey to legend begins – April 23-25, 2026. Make Your Pick The Football Town Highlighting Pittsburgh's unique place in the history of football, narrated by Pittsburgh native Pat McAfee. Learn More Celebrate America’s 250th America's 250th marks the 250th anniversary of the signing of the Declaration of Independence on… Learn More The Hype is Real: The Pittsburgh Scoop is Here! Plan Your Trip Family Fun Learn More Arts & Culture Pittsburgh is a city of eclectic cultures, communities and neighborhoods that help create the vibrant arts… Learn More Restaurants & Culinary Global cuisine spanning 90 unique neighborhoods Learn More Annual Events The signature events that make Pittsburgh a destination every year Learn More Pittsburgh Sports In Pittsburgh, we bleed black and gold. Learn More Bringing the Community Together VisitPITTSBURGH, along with our network of community partners, has worked to craft a 10-Year Tourism Development Plan that establishes the foundation for a more impactful and prosperous tourism ecosystem. Learn More Plan Your Trip with the Free Pittsburgh Insider's Guide Get My Free Guide This site uses cookies to enhance your experience. Accept Experience Builder Quick Search Full Search Location Map