About Carnegie Mellon | Carnegie Mellon University Skip to main content About Carnegie Mellon Don’t Envision the Future, Invent It Every Day At Carnegie Mellon University, academic and research excellence isn't just what we strive for — it's the uncompromising standard. Our entrepreneurial spirit means no pursuit is too complex, and no question is too unconventional to explore. Whether pioneering groundbreaking brain research, creating visionary art that challenges perspectives or developing next-generation technologies like self-driving cars, we go all in on big ideas that move the world forward. See how we transform bold ideas into extraordinary impact that changes everything. CMU Stands Apart # 1 Business Analytics Graduate Program U.S. News & World Report Learn more about the Business Analytics Graduate Program # 1 Artificial Intelligence Program U.S. News & World Report Learn more about the Artificial Intelligence Program # 4 World’s Top Drama School The Hollywood Reporter Learn more about the School of Drama View All Our Rankings & Awards Who We Are and What We Do CMU fosters a community of fearless trailblazers united by a shared passion for innovation and excellence. Learn about our strategic partnerships and global presence. Vision, Mission and Values Explore CMU’s key initiatives and values, from our strategic plan to diversity. Learn more about our history and what makes us SO CMU. Leadership Meet our Board of Trustees, president, senior administration members and deans. Our Regional Impact Explore our partnerships with Pittsburgh and the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania to create lasting economic and community change. CMU Locations Carnegie Mellon is a university without borders, with campuses in Pittsburgh, Silicon Valley, Qatar and Africa. Our collaborative efforts empower researchers in solving global issues. CMU Population by the Numbers 16,582 + students representing 132+ countries 1,615 + faculty representing 63+ countries 127,691 + alumni representing 150+ countries View CMU Fact Sheet (PDF) The Latest at CMU Jan 12, 2026 Intergenerational Art Builds Bridges to Community Through SURF Project Jan 06, 2026 Teaching a Robot To Hang a T-shirt Starts With Data Dec 19, 2025 Alcoholism Study Grants SURF Student Entry Point Into Psychology Research Nov 13, 2025 Rales Fellow Erick Cohen Helps Rethink the Role of Data Nov 12, 2025 CMU Researchers Use AI To Turn Everyday Objects Into Proactive Assistants Oct 30, 2025 CMU Math Student Charts a New Path with Rubik’s Cubes